README.md, before:

RFS Bundle DB
=============

Still in development. At this point you can clone the repo then you must run `bower install`.
    
If you happen to use **RubyMine** (which I highly recommend as an IDE for Ruby on Rails Development) 
you have to copy the contents of the components directory into the javascripts directory so that
RubyMine doesn't yell at you for not being able to resolve the path to the javascript files. 

If you are not using RubyMine all you have to do is run `bower install` and the assets will be in the right place anyway.

Prerequisites
=============

* Ruby on Rails 4.1.4
* Ruby 2.1.2p95
* Bower
* Ubuntu (Just a recommendation, it's what I use on my web servers and I'll be able to give better support on setting this 
up if you are using the same OS)

Importing Data
==============

I was trying to create a form within the website that allows the pasting of the JSON and clicking a button to import the 
data. Initially I wrote a rake task to import my JSON files into the database. I think that is the best way to import data.
There is currently no checking for duplicate entries in the database. I will work on this for the Humble Bundle data. The command 
is `rake import_hb['/full/path/to/file.json']`, `rake import_ig['/full/path/to/file.json']`, or `rake import_bs['/full/path/to/file.json']`. 
This rake task will always be up to date with the latest schema. if there are any errors please report them via the issues. 

Indie Gala
==========

Nothing special for this site. It is pretty straight forward. Go to each gift url and click the RFS Bundle Scraper bookmarklet. For multiple
copies of a single bundle just go to the subsequent gift urls and open the bookmarklet again. It will automatically 
combine the data properly. 

IG's DRM free stuff is not protected in any way so the URLs are good forever. Guard these URLs because if they get out then
the developers are getting cheated if people just download their games without paying. They released their games DRM free
with the trust in their fans that they wouldn't betray their intellectual property rights. 

**Note** There is currently no check to see if it is the correct bundle it's combining with, so in the case of a mistaken
combination, just clear the data and refresh the bookmarklet.

Humble Bundle
=============
With HumbleBundle it's pretty much the same thing. The main library page is ALL of the DRM free files. This can be scraped
as well and I will be using this data as a way to update all the URLs for the drm free stuff in the database. As it stands
right now (Sept 10) it will not detect duplicates. This same information is given within the individual bundles. I prefer
to get the information from the bundles first and then use the main library page to update the urls as needed (eventually).

_The rake tasks now detect entries already in the database and simply updates the HTTP and BT urls that expire after about a week.
And this is only required for the DRM free items, of course, which means everything listed on the main library page. So it is
my suggestion that you go through every single bundle you have, first, so you can get the bundle information on the DRM free
items and then, as needed, run the bookmarklet on the library page and then run the `rake import_hb` task again to update the 
urls as needed._

Bundle Stars
============
This site makes it a little more difficult to harvest the information. It is completely doable and I wrote a rake task to
import the JSON created by the bookmarklet.

Editing Data
============

This is the next major thing I will be working on and the site will basically be done once this is complete.

I will be including two fields that will seem like unnecessary duplication of data, but it is required to maintain integrity
of the data. `title_slug_raw` and `title_raw` will be unique and not modifiable at all. The `title` and `title_slug` will be able
to be modified for aesthetic purposes and will be the ones used in URLs and displayed on the site. the `_raw` versions will
be used internally for comparison purposes.

Rake Tasks and Shell Scripts
============================

As outlined above, the way to import the JSON data gathered by the bookmarklet is via a rake task. Simply use 
`rake import_hb['/full/path/to/json/file']` and `rake import_ig['/full/path/to/json/file']`. I wrote a shell script that will 
loop through all the json files in the directory. Refer to the `import_all_bundles.sh` file in the `/lib/` directory.

Commit message:

Removed development.sqlite3 from the repo and added .sqlite3 to .gitignore. Having the sample data caused problems with pulling new versions of the repo.

README.md, after:

RFS Bundle DB
=============

Still in development. At this point you can clone the repo then you must run `bower install`.
    
If you happen to use **RubyMine** (which I highly recommend as an IDE for Ruby on Rails Development) 
you have to copy the contents of the components directory into the javascripts directory so that
RubyMine doesn't yell at you for not being able to resolve the path to the javascript files. 

If you are not using RubyMine all you have to do is run `bower install` and the assets will be in the right place anyway.

Prerequisites
=============

* Ruby on Rails 4.1.4
* Ruby 2.1.2p95
* Bower
* Ubuntu (Just a recommendation, it's what I use on my web servers and I'll be able to give better support on setting this 
up if you are using the same OS)

Importing Data
==============

I was trying to create a form within the website that allows the pasting of the JSON and clicking a button to import the 
data. Initially I wrote a rake task to import my JSON files into the database. I think that is the best way to import data.
There is currently no checking for duplicate entries in the database. I will work on this for the Humble Bundle data. The command 
is `rake import_hb['/full/path/to/file.json']`, `rake import_ig['/full/path/to/file.json']`, or `rake import_bs['/full/path/to/file.json']`. 
This rake task will always be up to date with the latest schema. if there are any errors please report them via the issues. 

Indie Gala
==========

Nothing special for this site. It is pretty straight forward. Go to each gift url and click the RFS Bundle Scraper bookmarklet. For multiple
copies of a single bundle just go to the subsequent gift urls and open the bookmarklet again. It will automatically 
combine the data properly. 

IG's DRM free stuff is not protected in any way so the URLs are good forever. Guard these URLs because if they get out then
the developers are getting cheated if people just download their games without paying. They released their games DRM free
with the trust in their fans that they wouldn't betray their intellectual property rights. 

**Note** There is currently no check to see if it is the correct bundle it's combining with, so in the case of a mistaken
combination, just clear the data and refresh the bookmarklet.

Humble Bundle
=============
With HumbleBundle it's pretty much the same thing. The main library page is ALL of the DRM free files. This can be scraped
as well and I will be using this data as a way to update all the URLs for the drm free stuff in the database. As it stands
right now (Sept 10) it will not detect duplicates. This same information is given within the individual bundles. I prefer
to get the information from the bundles first and then use the main library page to update the urls as needed (eventually).

_The rake tasks now detect entries already in the database and simply updates the HTTP and BT urls that expire after about a week.
And this is only required for the DRM free items, of course, which means everything listed on the main library page. So it is
my suggestion that you go through every single bundle you have, first, so you can get the bundle information on the DRM free
items and then, as needed, run the bookmarklet on the library page and then run the `rake import_hb` task again to update the 
urls as needed._

Bundle Stars
============
Please see the [RFSBundleScraper Wiki](https://github.com/realityfluxstudios/RFSBundleScraper/wiki/BundleStars) for more 
information on importing data from BundleStars.

Editing Data
============

This is the next major thing I will be working on and the site will basically be done once this is complete.

I will be including two fields that will seem like unnecessary duplication of data, but it is required to maintain integrity
of the data. `title_slug_raw` and `title_raw` will be unique and not modifiable at all. The `title` and `title_slug` will be able
to be modified for aesthetic purposes and will be the ones used in URLs and displayed on the site. the `_raw` versions will
be used internally for comparison purposes.

Rake Tasks and Shell Scripts
============================

As outlined above, the way to import the JSON data gathered by the bookmarklet is via a rake task. Simply use 
`rake import_hb['/full/path/to/json/file']` and `rake import_ig['/full/path/to/json/file']`. I wrote a shell script that will 
loop through all the json files in the directory. Refer to the `import_all_bundles.sh` file in the `/lib/` directory. 

There is also a rake task `rake cheap_shark` that will retrieve all the pricing information for all the steam games in 
your database. This comes from the API of [Cheap Shark](http://www.cheapshark.com) which I highly recommend for finding the 
best deals for any games you want. Along with the pricing information we also get the rectangular icon that is displayed
on the steam pages. This will be used on the individual game pages on the website. 

For games from bundles other than Indie Gala you can add the steam ID required to get the pricing information manually. 
I will be adding a search feature that will query the Cheap Shark database and allow choosing of the correct result so that the
pricing information can be retrieved.
